The secret of every woman who gets what
she wants from a man is that she knows
how to play the game. She knows the
weaknesses of a man and she knows how to
use them for her own advantage. Hi guys,
welcome back to my channel. My name is
Michaela and if you're new here,
everything on my channel is about
upgrading, becoming the best, most
beautiful, most confident woman in your
life and stop letting people and men
walk all over you. That's why in today's
video, I want to talk about 10 weak
spots that men have that you can use for
your own advantage. You can use them to
get whatever you want. Let's get into
this. The first thing I want to clarify
is that I'm not responsible if you use
these weak points to do something mean
or bad to men. The ultimate goal should
not be to hurt men. The ultimate goal
should be to create a safe and healthy
relationship and to ultimately get what
you want. The thing is that so many
women think that men are operating the
same way as women. They're thinking,
they're loving the same way as women.
But that's not the case. I keep telling
you over and over again, men act and
think completely different. They have a
more primitive brain and they are
actually very simple but in comparison
to women very different. That's why it's
so important to study a man to study how
men work to study also men's weaknesses
and know exactly what you need to do.
Now the first thing I want to talk about
is rejection. Women tend to give up once
they are rejected. They feel hurt. They
do not want to pursue things. But for
men, a rejection is an invitation. It's
an invitation to do more, to work harder
for you. Once a man is interested in
you, let's say he approaches you at an
event and he's asking you for your
number, he always has in the back of his
mind this fear of rejection. Everyone
has it. Now, if he's asking you for the
number and you are immediately giving
your number, you're available. You don't
make it hard for him, it stops to be
very interesting for him and the fear of
rejection disappears. What I want you to
do instead is, for example, to be a bit
more reserved. He's not the goal. He's
not the price. You are the price. And
you can do that, for example, by saying,
"I'm not giving my number to random
guys." If it's on Instagram, do not
share your number on Instagram to random
people. Say, "I'm not sharing my number
to people I don't know in person. I
don't even know you. I don't know what
you're going to do with my number. I
don't know how you're going to use my
number. Maybe you're going to sell my
number. Maybe you're going to blackmail
me." Whatever. Right? You have to be
over careful and overprotected over
yourself, your dignity, and your price.
If you're giving away your number right
away, your entry price is very low.
There is zero effort required. Now, let
him work for it. Once you say, listen,
I'm not sharing my number to everyone.
You're just a random guy. I don't know
you. He will start to step up. He will
start to work for it. he will start to
do something. He will start to prove
that he's worthy of your number. For
example, recently I went for a walk and
some man came to approach me and he's
asking me for my number. I said, "No, I
don't know you. I'm not sharing my
number." Then he was starting to prove
that he's worthy of my number. He gave
me reasons why he's such a great guy and
why I actually should need his number.
He said, "I'm working in the airport. I
can give you discounted tickets. I can
put you on the list. I can drive you
from here to there. He gave me reasons
over reasons over reasons why he is
worthy of my number, of my attention.
Now, the longer you play this game and
the longer you let him be in this fear
of rejection, the more he's going to
offer you to get what he wants, which in
this stage is your number. You have to
always be a little bit on the fence.
This is in dating. This is while in a
relationship. It doesn't matter in which
stage. You should always let him feel
like you're a bit on the fence and he
needs to work more to get what he wants.
And as I said, a man that is actually
interested in you, he won't just let you
go. And he find this even more
interesting because the more effort and
investment he puts in you, investment
can be emotional, spiritual, financial,
gifts, whatever. The more investment he
puts in you, the more he values you.
Okay. The next point I want to talk
about is his fantasy. Once a man
approaches you, he approaches you
because he finds you attractive, right?
He finds you special. like you have this
beautiful eyes, you have beautiful hair,
a beautiful body, a beautiful aura. He
wants to connect with you because he
absolutely likes you. He's going to give
you compliments. He will be saying, "You
look amazing. You're a princess. I have
never seen someone as beautiful as you."
He is in his fantasy. He created this
ideal version of you that he actually
sees in you. Now, if you are answering,
I'm not that special. I have pimples. I
don't have clear skin. I'm actually not
that great. You are completely ruining
his fantasy. And he stops to be so
attracted to you. He stops to do more
for you. He stops to be so invested in
you because he realizes you don't even
see yourself in that way he sees you.
you don't reflect the confidence that he
sees you in. Now, I know many of you
girlies don't feel confident all the
time. That's why it's so important to
always take care of yourself when you go
outside. Always look your best, always
feel your best, and always dress in a
way that makes you feel confident and
comfortable. Because then when a guy
approaches you, when a man is giving you
these compliments, you can actually take
them and you can say, "Yes, thank you. I
know I look great today." And whenever
you see him again, you can feed his
fantasy. Use this fantasy for your own
advantage. Once a man compliments you
for your hair or your eyes, highlight
those parts that he mentioned that he
finds so attractive in you. If it's the
hair, make your hair every time you see
him sitting perfectly. Styling them
great. Having them lush and healthy. If
it's the eyes, highlight your eyes.
Highlight them by specific makeup.
Highlight them by specific colors,
outfits, and always think about feeding
his fantasy. A man's fantasy or also
imagination is actually your biggest
blessing. And once you know how to play
with that, once you know how to use it
to your own advantage, you already won.
And this fantasy part does not only
apply to dating or getting to know each
other. It also applies within a
relationship. If you're in a
relationship and you always overshare
everything you do, you're always
available. You always let him know where
you're going, who you're meeting. You're
very transparent. you're always always
sharing everything. His imagination is
gone because he feels comfortable. He
knows, hey, she's fine. She's with her
girls. You send him pictures. You send
him videos. He feels very comfortable
and there is zero imagination. What I
want you to do instead here and then
activate his imagination by not sharing.
Go out with your girls and do not share
anything. Do not ignore him, but also do
not share as you would usually do. So he
will finally start to imaginate what is
she doing? Is she going out with guys?
Are there any guys? Why is she not
sharing anything? Why is she not
posting? What is she up to? He will be
calling. What are you doing? Who are you
with? You're not sharing. I was
wondering if you're okay. That's the
moment his imagination is on. And that's
the moment he starts to worrying again.
He starts to worrying and be stressed in
a good way. You don't want him to be too
comfortable with you even in a
relationship because the more
comfortable he is, the less desire. The
more stressed he is, the more desire he
has for you. With this imagination
trick, you will remind him of how hot
and important you actually are and that
you are not guaranteed. He will start to
be more invested. he will be starting to
do more to get your attention again. The
next weakness every man has that you can
use for your advantage is to become
intimate with him. You might have heard
about the rule to wait 3 months, 6
months, wait until married. Whatever
your rule is, whatever you want to do,
whatever is your standard and your
boundary, you have to keep in mind that
every single man, if they want to marry
you, they want to be in a relationship
with you or they just want to have you
for one night, ultimately they are
attracted to you because their desire is
to sleep with you. Every man's desire
very primitive is to roll in bed with
you. And even though you know you're not
going to give it till marriage, you're
not going to give it till 6 months, 3
months, 5 years, you don't say that to a
man, you again use his imagination, his
fantasy and play with it. You can kind
of play actually with that tension
between you two. That tension that
builds up on the way to his desire, to
his end goal. You want to do that
because you want to make him work for
it. And in the process of working to get
what he wants, he is going to fall in
love with you. So what you can do to use
it to your own advantage and benefit is
not to actually sleep with him but to
play with your aura, play with your
energy. Give him the looks, give him the
nice eyes, touch his arm now and then.
Touch your shoulder, touch your arm.
These little hints will make him desire
you more, will make him want you more.
And if you're not giving it to him, he's
going to invest more. He's going to do
more. Because a man is not turning away
when it's difficult. A man is actually
turned on when it's more difficult. More
difficult you make it for him. The more
he likes you, the more he loves you, the
more he's invested in you. And then of
course in that process of being
invested, of inviting you on dates, of
seeing you more and more, he's falling
in love with you before you two are even
intimate. Your body is in a way your
leverage. And if you give it too soon,
you lose it all. The next weakness every
man falls for is competition. Every man
is in constant competition with other
men. Okay? Now, if you tell him how your
ex abused you, how your ex was so bad
with you, he didn't treat you well, he
cheated on you, and everyone is cheating
on you, nobody is treating you well,
nobody wants to spend time with you, you
give him the impression that first of
all, you're not that special because why
would people not want to spend time with
you and then second, you're telling him
that you are begging for men. You are
the one lowering your standards and
settling for men who do not even treat
you well. Many women think the more they
share about their past experiences,
especially the bad ones, the less likely
he's going to do that again. But let me
tell you, unfortunately, men will use
that as an invitation to do it again.
And also, it makes you less interesting.
If he knows that you're not that
desired, then also there is nothing
really to show off. You need to paint
that narrative that you are so special.
Everyone wants you. Everyone wants to
spend time with you. And whenever he's
going out with you, you're next to him.
He will feel like, wow, everyone is
going to admire him because you are with
him, because you are so special. Because
you are so desired by other men. Men
ultimately want to impress other men.
Keep that always in your mind. Men want
to impress other men. Everything a man
does if it's watches, cars, clothes,
money. Women, it's not for any other
reason, but to impress other men. Now,
if you're not a big Instagram star, you
do not have so many friends. you do not
feel that desired and you actually had
bad experiences in your past. Ditch it
all and make things up. Honestly, just
stop being so honest with men. They
don't need to know everything. They
don't need to know the full reality.
They don't need to know your past. You
just need to paint a narrative. And the
narrative is that you are desired by
everyone. You have many friends. You
have your family. Everyone wants to
spend time with you all the time. And
there are also men approaching you all
the time everywhere. You can mention
that randomly. You were going out then
there was someone asking you for your
number. Or you were receiving flowers.
Post them on your WhatsApp story. Nobody
knows from who you got those flowers.
Was it your other admirer? Was it a
friend? Was it yourself? whoever,
whatever. That's again his imagination.
Let his imagination work, but put out
the narrative that you are so desired by
others. You are so special. And also
talk about yourself in that same way.
Talk about how important you are to
yourself, how beautiful you find
yourself, how good you look in that
dress, how perfect that day was, how
much you love your life, your lifestyle,
your everything. And show that also in
your actions. Show that in how you show
up for yourself. Let him know that
you're busy because you're taking care
of yourself. You're doing a self-care
evening, whatever. Put yourself on the
pedestal. I always tell you, honey, you
have to put yourself on the pedestal
because he already put you there, but
put yourself on the pedestal so he will
put you even higher. You just want to
reconfirm his belief that you are so
special, that you actually are that
special woman that he always thinks you
are. Do not put yourself down. Do not
make yourself smaller. Always try to
make yourself bigger than what he thinks
you are. Another weakness men have that
you can always use to your own benefit
to get for example flowers to get a
little gift is that need and want to fix
things. Men always want to fix things.
They want to be helpful. They want to be
in service in a way. They want to do
something for you so they can feel like
the hero. Now, if you want a bag, if you
want flowers, if you want something, do
not demand it from a man. I had someone
commenting on one of my past videos on
my Instagram, "A true feminine woman
needs to demand from the man. She needs
to demand what she wants." No, you
don't. Okay? Men are not attracted to
women who are demanding things from
them. Men want to feel like they are the
heroes. They are the problem solvers.
They make your life easier and they
actually want to make you happy because
again competition. If they have a woman
next to them that looks happy and well
taken care of, all the props goes to the
man, not to you. The props always go to
the man. Everyone is going to think,
"Wow, he must be taking so good care of
her that she's always happy. She's
always smiling. She's always good
dressed. She's always kind. She's always
taken care of, put together. That's why
you need to play with that weakness a
man has. And you do that by talking
about your desires. If you want, for
example, red roses, you will not tell
him, "I want red roses for my first
date, for my birthday, for the
Valentine's Day." You tell him randomly,
but over and over again how much you
love red roses because they smell good.
Because they compliment your way of
being, your charisma, because they would
look so good in your apartment. Because
because because because keep finding
reasons why you want to talk about your
desire that are the red roses. If your
desire is a Birkin bag, keep talking
about the Birkin bag and why you desire
this Birkin bag. Keep talking about the
Chanel bag and how much you desire to
have this bag. Oh my god, this bag is my
dream bag. I always wanted to have this
bag. It would fit perfectly to that long
dress that you like so much. It would
complement so much my skin tone. It
would complement my hair. I can fit it
so well with X, Y, and Z. Babe,
whatever. Find something. Be creative
and use this weakness of a man to get
what you want. Now, of course, this is
not only about materialistic things.
This can be also about love, emotions.
Maybe you want to go on a holiday. Maybe
you want him to pay your bills. Maybe
you want some cuddle time. Maybe you
want to go to the cinema. It's actually
very simple when you think about what is
his weakness and how you can trigger
that weakness, how you can turn that
weakness on and use it to your
advantage. Want him to pay the bills?
Play like the damsel in distress. I
don't have any money left and I'm, you
know, I would love to spend more time
with you, but I'm saving on my rent and
this month it's pretty stressful because
also I'm helping out my auntie with her
mortgage. I have to work a lot and spend
a lot of time on other projects on
overtime to pay all these bills and let
him be the hero. Let him take care of
you. And believe me, he's going to do it
if he actually wants to spend time with
you. And that also leads me into the
next weakness of a man, which is his
ego. Very simple. Once he does something
you like, he did great, you stroke his
ego. You will give him the words of
affirmations. You will tell him how
grateful you are and how much more easy
your life is right now. And I don't know
what I would do without you. You took
off so much stress off my shoulders. You
really make my life more comfortable and
more easy. You tell him, I want to spend
more time with you. Now I'm more
available for you. You play your soft
card, your feminine card, because you're
grateful for what he had done. Great.
right now. If he did something that you
didn't like, if he ignored you for 2
days, if he didn't reach out for a week,
if he did whatever you didn't like, you
need to make him feel unimportant. You
need to deflate his ego. And you might
think, I'm just ignoring him. I'm just
not replying to him. But the reality is
this doesn't make him feel unimportant.
If you want to make him feel
unimportant, you need to give him the
feeling that he's actually not that
significant in your life. You actually
forgot about him. Like, "Oh, you still
exist. I didn't even notice you were
gone. Oh, really? You texted me? Oh, I
must have forgotten that you existed."
Don't say that, obviously, but that's
the energy you want to create. You want
to create an energy of, "Oh, I actually
forgot about you." This makes him feel
like he's unimportant and this is
deflating his ego completely. That's how
you show him that things were not okay.
And that contrast of one time stroking
his ego when he did things right and
then when he did things wrong, deflating
his ego makes him know and understand
which things he should repeat and which
things he better doesn't because again
the fear of rejection and the fear of
losing you will come into place and this
will keep him in check. So he will keep
doing the right things instead of keep
disappointing you. You use that after he
gave you flowers. You are appreciating
giving him the words of affirmations so
he will do more of that. Some women
think the more they praise a man, the
less he's going to do because that's how
many women are thinking. But actually,
again, men are very different. The more
you praise him, the more grateful you
are for things, the more he wants to do
for you. That's why when he brings you
flowers and you didn't like those
flowers, you didn't like the color, you
didn't like the size, if you immediately
deflate his ego, if you are immediately
then angry, upset and being in your
masculine, fighting him for what he has
done for you, he will not feel motivated
to do more. You need to first
appreciate, be loving, kind, and
grateful for what he has done. And after
if you didn't like it, you can mention
your true desire. You can talk about it
from a place of desire instead of from a
place of I'm fighting you because you
didn't do the things. Or you just make
him feel less important. You make him
feel like, "Oh, I actually didn't know
these flowers were from you." The next
weakness you can use to your own benefit
is to let a man lead. Let him lead in
the relationship. Let him lead the way
to the restaurant. Let him lead in every
way possible. Not because you're not
capable of it, but because this is what
creates a dynamic. This creates the
polarity between men and women. Right?
You want to make a man feel like he's
capable and he can do things so he can
feel like he is the man. It's affirming
his ability of taking care of things, of
leading, of being the man. And if you
take that away from him, if you say to
him, "I'm strong. I can handle it
myself. I can take care of everything
myself. I don't need you to do this. I
don't need you to do that." Or you
simply do it like you have something
broken in your apartment. And you simply
take care of it yourself. You take that
away from a man. And this is your
leverage. A man wants to feel like a man
next to you. And the more he feels like
a man, the more he will also fall in
love with you because first of all, he's
investing more in you. And second of
all, he gets his confirmation of being
the strong masculine man in this
relationship because you let him lead.
Okay, you might not agree on that, but
try it out. I'm aware nowadays women can
do everything themselves. They can pay
their own bills, fix their own shelves,
drive the car. They can do everything a
man can do and even more. But that
doesn't mean that you should do that.
You can still be feminine and should
still be feminine. Relax, sit back, and
let him do all the work. Why you want to
stress yourself out when you have a man
next to you? Why? Let him do the work.
If he doesn't do it right, give him
another chance. let him pay for someone
do it right, but do not move a finger
and watch my other video on how to be a
useless woman because that's what's
actually going to make him fall in love
with you. Now, another weakness every
man has, but many do not want to admit
to that is their soft side. Every man
has to show their strength and their
strong side, their masculine side. They
have to show that they are so capable to
take care of things to be strong. They
do that by being masculine and being
angry. There is no room to be soft
outside in the world. So they have to
shut down a big part of their emotional
spectrum which is being vulnerable.
Admitting that they have fears, they
have doubts that they are also soft in a
way. They also have a soft side. And
even though many women do not like to
see that in a man, if you are a woman,
that can make him feel like he can be
soft with you. Not always, but if it's
necessary, he actually feels comfortable
showing his soft side, his vulnerable
side, then you are the one and only
person in his life that he can be soft
with, that he can fully be himself with.
This can also be his quirky side or his
funny side. Whatever this is, make him
feel comfortable with his full
personality. You know why? After
intimacy, this is your second biggest
leverage. If you would want to leave,
he's not only going to lose an amazing
woman, he's also going to lose part of
himself. That part that he can only show
and be with you. You do that by simply
allowing him to show his emotions and
sometimes also encouraging him to talk
about his fears, his doubts and his true
real emotions. And for us women, nothing
easier than that. Okay, we are almost at
the end. I want to talk about the last
and I think the most important point of
the whole video, which is being a roller
coaster. This sounds like manipulation.
And it might is, but what is not? I
always keep telling you once a man is
comfortable with you, he's not that
interested in you anymore and he does
not desire you anymore so much. And that
happens so often in relationships,
right? In long-term relationships and
marriages. That's why it's so important
to play the roller coaster. You should
not be a constant. Your emotions
shouldn't be a constant. Do regulate
your emotions. Yes, but do not be a
constant next to him. He should not be
sure to see you all the time. He should
not be comfortable with whatever he's
doing right now because he knows he got
you already with what he had done.
Always let him be on the tiptoes. Let
him feel like he can lose you at any
time. And also do not give away your
time so freely. This is especially
important in the beginning of the dating
phase of the relationship because a man
needs this up and downs up and downs to
actually be invested emotionally. The
more ups and downs he has to go through,
the more anxiety he has about losing
you, about maybe not having you. It's
that hot and cold. Does he have you? He
has you. Does he have you? He has you. I
don't want to encourage you to actually
like break up with him, go back with
him, break up with him, go back with
him, disappear, come back. No. But you
do that by simply not being available
all the time. He asks you out on a date.
His imagination starts to work. He
starts to be more anticipated. He starts
to be wanting to see you. Then you are
going on your first date. The first date
it's going to be amazing. You will be in
your best energy. You will give him your
best side and that should not last more
than 2 hours. You should not be a
constant in his life. You should not
give him your whole day. You tell him
after 2 hours you have some other
appointments. You have to go to do your
nails. You have some appointments. You
have your meetings. You have to see your
mom. You have to see your brother. Now
after that 2 hours he is going back
home. You're going back home and do
whatever you want to do. He's going to
think about you. He's going to be in a
kind of high. And this high will drop
again. And once this high drops, he will
want to see you again. He needs more
from you. Right? Many men in the
beginning of that dating phase, they
will be wanting to rush that process to
see you more to have that high
constantly.
You need to be patient and you need to
be slowing down this whole phase as much
as you can. Let him go through the ups
and downs. Let him go high and drop to
the low and let him be anticipating and
investing again, planning for the next
date, being in his high again and let
him fall again. This is how he is
emotionally investing. He's going to
fall so madly in love with you that
after you don't need to beg for
anything. You don't need really to ask
for anything because he is so mad in
love with you that he's going to do
anything and everything possible to make
you happy. A man always needs to love
you way more than you love him. He needs
to be way more invested than you are.
Otherwise, be sure that he's going to be
the one using you. Now ladies, if you
want to know how to make a man truly
invest in you and how to become that
woman that he actually wants to invest
in, download my ebook. The link is in my
bio. Thank you so so much for watching.
I love you so so much and see you in my
next video. Bye-bye.